NAMESPACE                 NAME                                                CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
default                   redis-deploy-696dfdfbfc-wnm6k                       2m           28Mi            
ektacom-stream-selector   estendirect-cluster-manager                         1m           160Mi           
ektacom-stream-selector   mosaic-0                                            1m           75Mi            
ektacom-stream-selector   session-destination-0                               1m           4Mi             
ektacom-stream-selector   session-destination-1                               1m           4Mi             
ektacom-stream-selector   session-destination-2                               1m           4Mi             
ektacom-stream-selector   session-destination-3                               1m           4Mi             
ektacom-stream-selector   session-destination-4                               1m           4Mi             
ektacom-stream-selector   session-destination-5                               1m           4Mi             
ektacom-stream-selector   session-destination-6                               1m           4Mi             
ektacom-stream-selector   session-destination-7                               1m           4Mi             
ektacom-stream-selector   session-source-0                                    1m           3Mi             
ektacom-stream-selector   session-source-1                                    1m           4Mi             
ektacom-stream-selector   session-source-2                                    1m           4Mi             
ektacom-stream-selector   session-source-3                                    1m           3Mi             
ektacom-stream-selector   session-source-4                                    1m           4Mi             
ektacom-stream-selector   session-source-5                                    1m           4Mi             
ektacom-stream-selector   session-source-6                                    1m           4Mi             
ektacom-stream-selector   session-source-7                                    1m           4Mi             
ingress                   nginx-ingress-microk8s-controller-x76qt             12m          1017Mi          
kube-system               calico-kube-controllers-66f98898cc-cmzd4            3m           49Mi            
kube-system               calico-node-6qj22                                   91m          138Mi           
kube-system               coredns-64c6478b6c-w5cgn                            6m           30Mi            
kube-system               hostpath-provisioner-7764447d7c-zbdmp               2m           14Mi            
kube-system               kube-multus-ds-amd64-rvzpc                          0m           16Mi            
kube-system               metrics-server-679c5f986d-z6gfv                     7m           33Mi            
kube-system               tiller-deploy-57c7c4f55-x5nj7                       1m           19Mi            
norigin-rtsp              nm-netapp-rtspserver-deployment-65fc854fd4-kxvc4    1m           14Mi            
norigin-streaming         nm-netapp-relay-server-deployment-7c96476d8-trbn7   1m           44Mi            
norigin-streaming         nm-netapp-webserver-deployment-54bb9c6896-dt7v8     0m           205Mi           
